Refine docs: troubleshoot lock conflicts (#9865)
pingcap/docs: pessimistic-transaction.md

- [Read Committed](/transaction-isolation-levels.md#read-committed-isolation-level). You can set this isolation level using the [`SET TRANSACTION`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-set-transaction.md) statement.

## Pessimistic transaction commit process

> The commit phase of the pessimistic transaction mode and the optimistic transaction mode in TiDB has the same logic, and both commits are in the 2PC mode. The important adaptation of pessimistic transactions is DML execution.

Reviewer: Changing "the commit phase" to "commits" doesn't make sense to me. Here it's supposed to stands for the *commit* operation of a transaction. What we want to say here is 悲观事务和乐观事务的*提交阶段*逻辑相同.

> The commits of the pessimistic transactions and the optimistic transactions in TiDB have the same logic. Both transactions adopt the two-phase commit (2PC) mode. The important adaptation of pessimistic transactions is DML execution.

Author: ```suggestion
The logic of TiDB pessimistic transactions and optimistic transactions in the commit phase is the same. Both transactions adopt the two-phase commit (2PC) mode. The important adaptation of pessimistic transactions is DML execution.
```

> ![TiDB pessimistic transaction commit logic](/media/pessimistic-transaction-commit.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![TiDB pessimistic transaction commit process](/media/pessimistic-transaction-commit.png)
```

The pessimistic transaction adds an `Acquire Pessimistic Lock` phase before 2PC. This phase includes the following steps:

1. (Same as the optimistic transaction mode) Receive the `begin` request from the client, and the current timestamp is this transaction's start_ts.

> 2. When the TiDB server receives an `update` request from the client, the TiDB server initiates a pessimistic lock request to the TiKV server, and the lock is persisted to the TiKV server.

Reviewer: We should be talking about "writing new data", rather than talking about `update` statements specifically.

Author: @MyonKeminta Please check if the following update is ok. Thanks.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79440533/191898287-46476287-b4f4-453f-b396-1ab1fbcc8d39.png)

> 2. When the TiDB server receives an `update` request from the client, the TiDB server initiates a pessimistic lock request to the TiKV server, and the lock is persisted to the TiKV server.

Author: ```suggestion
2. When the TiDB server receives a request of writing new data from the client, the TiDB server initiates a pessimistic lock request to the TiKV server, and the lock is persisted to the TiKV server.
```

> 2. When the TiDB server receives a request of writing new data from the client, the TiDB server initiates a pessimistic lock request to the TiKV server, and the lock is persisted to the TiKV server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When the TiDB server receives a writing request from the client, the TiDB server initiates a pessimistic lock request to the TiKV server, and the lock is persisted to the TiKV server.
```
